The Choreography Society(Indian)

‘Dance when you’re broken open. Dance when you’ve torn the bandage off. Dance in the middle of the fighting. Dance in your blood. Dance when you’re perfectly free.’ - Rumi

The journey hasn’t been long, but inarguably, it’s been a memorable one. With productions like ‘Shakti’,’ Ritusamhara’, ‘Helen’ and ‘Natyarpan- A Performance to Live Music’ to its credit, along with the annual freshers’ welcome ‘Lasya’ and the annual fest ‘Raqs Utsav’, the Indian Choreography Society has created a niche for itself in the cultural life of Stephen’s. For members of the Indian Choreography Society, dance is much more than yet another form of expression- it’s the reverberation of the college hall when six pairs of footsteps echo off the wooden floorboards, it’s the thin film of dust on our feet after a long afternoon of practice, it’s the flurry of fervent activity and last-minute innovations that precede every production, it’s the familiar, comforting of old costumes stacked up inside an even older steel trunk, it’s the rush of adrenaline when the cheers of a hundred odd people drown the music as you look down from the stage at a sea of blurred, excited faces.

Dance, for us, is a way of life. It’s the common bond that stems from weeks and months of shared laughter and sweat and exasperation and jubilation, and from the memories that we take home at the end of the day with the fading of lights and the drawing of the curtain.

You can contact The Indian Choreography Society at indianchoreo.ssc@gmail.com  



The Choreography Society (Western)

Those who dance are considered insane by those who cannot hear the music.

But we are considered insane for practicing just about everywhere be it in the sun, therain or thewind. For dancing for hours without eating anything. For still thinking about dance while sleeping,walking,eating and doing almost everything.

Welcome to a typical day of ours.

The Year 2012-13 kick started with a three day long orientation and a hip hop workshop by Billy Kor.The turnout was overwhelming and the talent amazing. From Hip Hop to Contemporary, from Robotics to jazz ,from ballet to belly ,we had it all.

Hours of practice at the JCR and we had it.We had our competing team: STE:REO, with over 15 different dancers coming together and dancing as if they were one. A spurge of events happened throughout the year-Capriccio and Harmony, Flash Mobs, RaqsUtsav and finally DDF. Excitement stayed afloat and the year bought to the front our efforts and raw talents. While the competing team was preparing to win, the working team was conducting workshops, involving people to dance and conducting a social program at an orphanage.

The climax was still to come, Showcase 2013(annual production).20 dancers.10 forms.1 stage. The power of dance was finally spreading!

With everyone applauding for the thrilling performances, the year came to a close. Or rather that was the bell for yet another year to start!