Spic Macay
Dear members of Me (and other readers), 

How are all of you? I’m great - courtesy you all!  

I am obliged to write this letter to you, about the wonderful year gone by. 
This year has seen the society graph reach very high in almost every aspect. It began with welcoming the SPIC MACAY notice board, outside the IRC. 

I saw many remarkable ‘firsts’ this year.  

We celebrated an independent 6-day long VIRASAT in the second week of November 2009. Smt. Bharati Shivaji performed the Mohiniyattam, the Nizami Brothers drew crowds with their Qawwali, Ms. Anjolie Ela Menon conducted an informal session on her paintings, and Pt. Bhajan Sopori charmed the audience with his Santoor. Besides, a group of around thirty students from college went for a walk to the National Museum, and the Japanese movie ‘Rashomon’ was screened. 

Another first was that of the influx of sponsorship proposals that the Chapter was glad to entertain. With a notoriously large amount of sponsorship at hand, thanks to ONGC and Indian Oil, unexplored areas of publicity were considered. The beautiful yellow hoardings placed around the North Campus were the most noticeable effects. Posters, banners, invitation cards (appreciated) and brochures (imitated) followed. 

The assurance of financial backing and the positive spirit of the first years prompted us to decide upon an early December event. The College stood witness to WORLD VIRASAT celebrated for the first time. The Nils Olav Johansen quartet came all the way from Norway to stage a Jazz performance. The verdict of the evening was given by the standing ovation they received at the culmination of their performance. 

Even after the Jan. tests, we were left with gusto enough to fit in another programme. The third in the list was DHWANI 2010 celebrated early in February. Grammy recipient Pt. Vishwa Mohan Bhatt enthralled the audience with his renditions on the Mohan Veena. 

The last ‘first’ that I wish to report here is the large (evident from the society picture) group of responsive and responsible first year enthusiasts who worked with SARGAM, contributing to the success of every event. 

All in all, the year was a packed affair, with eight successful events that witnessed large crowds and general appreciation. The meeting of the National Executive Council, held at IIT Delhi, lauded our VIRASAT as the best in all of Delhi. The six leading members of Me gush about this having been the best year... and us, the best part of the year. I hope to see the bettering of the former and a continuation of the latter. 

A well-wisher had once said, ‘It’s not as much about the Chapter itself, as it is about the group of people you have.’ He stands corrected. It’s ALL about the people we have. 

Saluting the spirit of SPIC MACAY,
Yours beloved,
The Chapter