Students Union Society

When the election fever finally cleared after a downpour of campaigns, strategies etc; the earth was still damp with sweat and tears of happiness and distress alike. Work was brimming up in the Union room while the second years impatiently awaited the Council results, to officially start the endeavours for the year.
 
When the festive mood overwhelms any family, we often witness our fathers in a state of dilemma wondering whether the trade off between cash and celebration would maximize utility while the wallet strictly followed the theory of diminishing marginal thickness. Mothers on the other hand are seen in a state of hypertension, trying to decipher the optimum bundle of consumption for maximizing joy. The kids indifferent to all the above constraints that govern the family go ahead and have a blast. So at the end of the day they undeniably and irrevocably reach their local satiation point (or ideally the bliss point as we call it in economics).   Analogous to the above, the Harmony 2009 Committee started off with temperatures running high and heads smoking up in tension with the event just round the corner. But, ultimately the Junior Members did have a blast.
 
When things finally fell in place and the never ending pile of work subsided into manageable heap; we realized that working was indeed fun especially with the untiring enthusiastic bunch of first years. An attractive assortment of new events was introduced this time to add on to the festive mood. The inter departmental matka breaking, ‘Smack Down’, Butterfingers and Chilly Eating Competition topped the list of events this year.
 
In the second term, we started off our ventures, before letting complacency sink in the rested heads back from vacation. Breaking free from the cliché bonds of typical Union work, several events were organised. A two-day Higher Education Fest was conducted this year to serve as an avenue for the Junior Members to learn more about the higher education prospects abroad. Seminars by the USIEF (United States-India Education Council) and British Council filled the calendar, the first day with region-specific data whereas the second day saw an integrated seminar encompassing almost all aspects of higher education. The Cultural Fest organised alongside the Term Dinner kindled the Christmas spirit in everyone before the Break.

In the third term, The National Science Fest was held and it was success too (in spite of the fact that it fell on a Sunday). The usually still Science Block became a breeding ground for great hustle and bustle during the event. Dormant Societies were revitalized with heavy dose injections of finance to their accounts from the Union account. An Inter departmental sports meet took place putting unusual talents and unprecedented blunders on display, placing several departments’ reputation at stake! SUS scholarships were awarded this year as well. An additional scholarship was awarded this year in memory of our ex-Principal, Dr. Anil Wilson. Some of the smaller endeavours included introduction of hot-dogs in the café, installation of micro-wave in the Rud North, a talk by the Climate Works Foundation and movie screening.
This year the Union did take some steps to redefine its functions diverging from the usual path of monotony. But when it came to normal matters like sweat-shirts, we did sweat a lot. We’ve got just a few tasks like Grad-D, polo t-shirts and year book distribution left in our calendar of events this year and we hope to end it with a bang. At least we know for a fact that ‘All’s well that end’s well’.