The Poetry Society

The Poetry Society is the newest and youngest forum of St. Stephen’s College. It was recently founded in May 2013 by a group of poetry enthusiasts, writers and reciters, primarily for the promotion of a multilingual poetic culture and for encouraging young poets to develop their craft and confidence.

Being multi-lingual in its scope, the Poetry Society encourages a dialogue between languages with poetry as the medium of expression. The members and young poets belong to diverse disciplinary backgrounds and have varied poetic interests in terms of theme, style, voice, language and idiom; the Poetry Society is always happy to encourage such an enriching exchange of ideas through poetry!

Our intimate, close-knit group frequently gathers in the lawns, or any poetic spot actually, to share work, discuss poet’s we have never read before and get to know better those we have read already. One of the most exciting activities of the Poetry Society are the independent, student-led Poetry Discussion Forums where students critically analyze the life and times of their favourite poets and juxtapose them with others in their generation. The idea is to allow freedom of interpretation and in the process, a freedom to engage with all kinds of poets. Some of the themes we look forward to discussing in the coming term include: the Bombay Poets, the Beat Generation, Dandin, Bhatrihari, Bhavabhuti and other early medieval Sanskrit poets, poets of the Russian revolution, “tribal” transcribed poetry from Africa in translation and Urdu poems and ghazals, to name a few.

The Poetry Society will also be organizing poetry writing competitions, student poetry reading sessions, performance poetry exhibitions, poetry seminars and the much awaited Annual Poetry Festival, a first in St. Stephen’s College! We’re a bunch that’s always looking to grow. Whether you like to write poetry, recite poetry, read poetry, listen to poetry or are just curious about the poetic genre, the Poetry Society welcomes you!

You can contact the Poetry Society at poetrysocietyssc@gmail.com