Music Society
The Freshers Welcome, Freshers Informal, a very colourful Crosswinds 2009... Could one ask for more? Yes.

The year 2009-10 saw active participation by the Music Society in competitions around the city... but just participation isn’t enough is it?? Ronojoy Bhattacharyya from 2nd year Sanskrit with his tabla skills placed at several instrumental competitions which include a 1st place at Antaragni , IIT Kanpur, 2nd place at IILM Lodhi Road, 2nd place at Pulse,AIIMS, and a 2nd place at Rendezvous, IIT Delhi. Members from the Indian Music Group also secured places at many solo competitions. Mahima Dayal from 2nd year placed 3rd in a light classical competition at Pulse, AIIMS. In the Indian Classical section Achintya Prahlad from 2nd year Chemistry placed 1st at Antaragni, IIT Kanpur, 1st place at Tarang, Lady Sri Ram College, 1st place at Crosswinds, St. Stephen’s College and 2nd at Rendezvous, IIT Delhi. In the Indian Music Group events the Indian Music team placed 2nd at Tarang, Lady Sri Ram College.

Members of the Western Music group did not fall behind. In the solo section Sherry Mathews from 1st yr History placed 2nd at Arpeggio, Hindu College and 2nd at the YMCA Youth Festival. Sampath Daniel from 2nd year placed 3rd at Pulse, AIIMS and Megumi D’souza from 3rd year Maths placed 3rd at Arpeggio, Hindu College.  In the Duet category Thomas Fenn and Megumi D’souza placed 2nd place at Crosswinds, St. Stephen’s College and 3rd at Reverie, Gargi College. Anushua Das and Longnam Kharpuri placed 3rd at Ullas, Kamala Nehru College.  In a quartet competition, at Montage, Jesus and Mary College, St. Stephen’s College placed 2nd with a quartet comprised of Thomas Fenn, Megumi D’souza, Elisha Patel and Sherry Mathews. Our very own Accapella team called ‘B-flat’ did wonders with a Michael Jackson medley placing 1st at Ullas, Kamala Nehru College, 1st at Arpeggio, Hindu College, 1st at the YMCA Youth Festival, 2nd at Tarang, Lady Sri Ram College, 2nd at Reverie, Gargi College, 2nd at HT City Youth Nexus and 2nd at Crosswinds, St. Stephen’s College. In the Band events our college band called U.8.Noise won at Ramjas College and Echelon and placed 4th at Hansraj College and SRCC.

And so here we are the Music Society of St. Stephen’s College…