The Debating Society 

This year, the Debating Society has been more active than ever before. A number of changes were brought into the functioning 
of the society. At the beginning of the academic year 2012-2013, it was made an open society. Anyone who was interested could 
join, learn and participate in debating. As a result, more than 50 first-year students enrolled into the society. Regular 
sessions of mock debates and workshops with senior students, seasoned debaters and cross college practices, turned out to 
be fruitful. More individual debaters were sent for various tournaments this year than the past ten years combined. The DebSoc 
is currently the largest Debating Society, by membership and participation in the Debating Circuit.

The Mukarji Memorial Debate

The 65th edition of the Mukarji Memorial debate was highly commended by the debating circuit. India’s oldest debating tournament, 
MukMem was a big success this year, largely because of a 40 member Organizing Committee consisting of first-years, led by senior 
members. The OrgComm allowed the tournament to function seamlessly, with great accommodation as well as efficient transition 
between rounds. The quality of motions at the tournament was also exemplary. The tournament was won by the team of Saaduzzaman 
and Shobhit Nanda from the Faculty of Law, Delhi University while the Best Adjudicator was Rahul Seth of the Birla Institute 
of Technological Sciences, Pilani.

The 13th International Shahijiwana Debating Championship, University College Lahore, 2013

Shahjiwana was the competitive highlight for the Debating Society this year.
St. Stephen’s College won an International British Parliamentary Debate Tournament for the first time.
The winners of this prestigious International debate tournament were Apoorv Avram and Vatsal Naresh. Jagat Sohail and Avani Tandon 
Vieira were one of the finalist teams. Soutik Bannerjee and Samyobrata Mukherjee were among the semi-finalists. Nitin Jude Magima 
was a breaking adjudicator. Through their phenomenal performance at Lahore, this contingent made a name for the college in debating 
at an International platform.

NLU-D, 2012

Finalists- Apoorv Avram, Jagat Sohail, Soutik Bannerjee
Pre-Quarters- Bahuli Sharma, Vatsal Naresh, Jaan Sharma Pathak
Breaking Adjudicators- Chetan Chawla, Riya Sharma
People Speak 2012, Sri Venkateshwara College

Quarter Finalists- Bahuli Sharma, Vatsal Naresh, Jagat Sohail
Apoorv Avram- 2nd best adjudicator
Soutik Bannerjee- 3rd best adjudicator
Avani Tandon Vieira- 2nd best fresher Adjudicator
Cross- Swords 2012, GGS Fresher’s Parliamentary Debate
Quarter Finalists- Zaki Hasan, Aniket Baksy, Syed Faizan Bukhair Chetan Chawla, Nidhaanjit Jain, Riya Sharma.

KMC Freshers’s Parliamentary Debate 2012 

Quarter finalist team- Chetan Chawla, Avani Tandon Vieira, Nidhaanjit Jain
Gambit 2012, SRCC 

Winning Team- Avani Tandon Vieira, Nidhaanjit Jain, Riya Sharma
Oasis, BITS-Pilani Fresher’s Debate
Semi Finalist team- Rukum Satyaarth, Yuvraj Francis, Devansh Mehta
Xavier’s Parliamentary Debate 2012
Finalists- Avani Tandon Vieira, Devansh Mehta
Mood Indigo Parliamentary Debate, IIT-Bombay 2012
Semi- finalists- Jagat Sohail, Avani Tandon Vieira
Premchand 

Quarter-finalists- Jagat Sohail, Avani Tandon Vieira

Gargi Parliamentary Debate 2013 

4th Best Adjudicator-Shasti Jain

Cross-Fire, Sri Ram Debating Festival 2013 

3rd best Adjudicator- Nidhaanjit Jain 
5th Best Adjudicator- Avani Tandon Viera 
Quarter Finalists- Bahuli Sharma, Jagat Sohail, Vatsal Naresh 
Semi- Finalists- Apoorv Avram, Raghu Kesavan, Soutik Bannerjee 

LSR Parliamentary Debate 2013 

Quarter final adjudicators- Anwesh Patnaik, Mehvish 
NLS Parliamentary Debate, Bangalore 2013 
Semi- Finalists- Jagat Sohail, Vatsal Naresh, Nidhaanjit Jain 
Breaking Adjudicators- Avani Tandon Vieira, Riya Sharma 
Best Adjudicator- Anwesh Patnaik

Miranda House Fresher’s Conventional Debate 

Best speaker- Avani Tandon Vieira 
2nd Best Speaker- Nidhaanjit Jain 
IILM Conventional Debate 

Runners up team- Jagat Sohail, Anwesh Patnaik 
Best Interjector- Jagat Sohail

You can contact The Debating Society at debsoc.ssc@gmail.com

