The Economics Society

The Economics Society, popularly known as the ECOSOC has developed itself over the years as one of the leading societies in the country, 
dedicated to the promotion of interest and awareness in matters related to Economics. We as a Society believe firmly that Economics, far 
from ending at the Classroom, just begins there; hence, our quest to bring the magic and the excitement of economics to anyone and everyone 
around us.

At the ECOSOC, we achieve this by organizing a plethora of events like talks, workshops, excel based games, simulations events, to name a 
few. Notable speakers at ECOSOC seminars and Talks in the recent past have included Dr. Manmohan Singh, P. Chidambaram, Amartya Sen and 
Swaminathan Iyer. The Society constitutes of numerous distinct groups like the Book Club under which academic articles and books by renowned 
economists and social scientists are discussed; the Economics Research Group, which undertakes group research projects and seeks to equip 
students with appropriate tools for research; Students for Proven Impact, which organizes events focusing on evaluation of government policies 
in developing Countries; and the Circle, which regularly conducts informal discussions on current issues and topics of general Economic interest.

The editorial Board of the Society manages its two principal publications the quarterly newsletter – ‘Econ after Hours’ which seeks to bring 
life into the Dismal Science through the light-hearted application of Economic ideas to daily life and the annual academic journal – ‘Towards Equilibrium’.

The most important event on the ECOSOC’s calendar is The National Economics Festival. This two-day long Fest sees participation from college 
across the country. The Fest is a platform for students to learn more of Economics and apply classroom learning to the practical world- through 
events such as Guest Lectures, Debates, Quizzes, Case Study competitions and Simulation Games. In addition, the Society organizes the Vinod 
Chowdhury Memorial Debate, a unique competition where Economics meets Debating.

We are a society of people who come together to bond over economics, over the perfect competition in the Delhi University Rickshaw Market, 
the nitty-gritties of the Food Security Bill or the advantages of an underground economy. There is something in economics for us all, and 
we at the ECOSOC are here to take you deeper into the study of choice than ever before.

You can contact the Economics Society at ecosoc.ssc@gmail.com

