Shakespeare Sabha
A rather quiet year for the Shakespeare Sabha ended with a bang when a breathtaking adaptation of Vijay Tendulkar’s classic play, ‘Khamosh! Adalat Jaari Hai’, was showcased on the 18th and 19th of December.

The production, directed by Ishwar Sir and assisted by Varun Sir, was not only well received, but was accentuated by powerhouse performances of the cast. The cast comprised almost entirely of first years and the effortless Prashansa Gurung (the only third year). It would not be an exaggeration to give all credit to the first years for convincing (and forcing) all third year members to finally give in to their demands of showcasing the final production in the second term itself. Not only did they arrange the adequate sponsorship for the production in a matter of 10 days (thanks to Tenzing, Deepali and Tanushree), but surprised one and all with their on-stage display.

The final production was one of the best that the Sabha has put up in years, just highlighting the hard-work and perseverance of the entire cast and crew, not compromising on quality or performance, in spite of the lack of preparation and on-stage time.

The Sabha this year was an amalgamation of excitement and zest for learning in all departments of theatre - be it acting, direction, backstage, production, sound and lights. The initial month in college saw a fair share of workshops, in which the participation increased with every passing day, showcasing the interest that Sabha generated amongst the first years. Within one term, the first years, many of whom initially novices to the world of theatre, were equally at ease playing a 5 year old child or a 80 year-old on his deathbed.

However, their best performance was the enactment of the college politics, as seen from a first year’s eyes. The Sabha, initially suffering due to the absence of the staff advisor, Dr. Ajay Ranjan Tripathi, on health grounds, was bolstered by this passion and self-belief of the first years, who were the most important contributors to the society this year. It would not be wrong to assume that the society is in very able hands. Given the present set of members, we are certain that in the following year, the society will achieve the twin goals it has envisaged - to have a Hindi inter-college Rajpal and to restart the street-play team in college. All the best!